Update accessing-contextual-information-about-workflow-runs.md (#35780)
github/docs: content/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-what-your-workflow-does/accessing-contextual-information-about-workflow-runs.md

| `github.repository_id` | `string` | {% data reusables.actions.repository_id-description %} |
| `github.repository_owner` | `string` | The repository owner's username. For example, `octocat`. |
| `github.repository_owner_id` | `string` | {% data reusables.actions.repository_owner_id-description %} |

> | `github.repositoryUrl` | `string` | The Git URL to the repository. For example, `git://github.com/octocat/hello-world.git`. [(See note below)](./#note-on-github-repositoryUrl-property) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `github.repositoryUrl` | `string` | The Git URL to the repository. For example, `git://github.com/octocat/hello-world.git`. [(See note below)](/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-what-your-workflow-does/accessing-contextual-information-about-workflow-runs#note-on-github-repositoryUrl-property) |
```

> | `github.repositoryUrl` | `string` | The Git URL to the repository. For example, `git://github.com/octocat/hello-world.git`. [(See note below)](/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-what-your-workflow-does/accessing-contextual-information-about-workflow-runs#note-on-githubrepositoryurl-property) |

Reviewer: Suggest that we put the information from your note here directly.

```suggestion
| `github.repositoryUrl` | `string` | **Retired for security reasons.** The URL for the repository with the `git://` protocol, for example, `git://github.com/octocat/hello-world.git`. Replace with {% raw %}`${{ github.serverUrl }}${{ github.repository }}`{% endraw %} to give you the HTTPS URL for the current repository. |
```

Author: Thanks, I moved the comment inline with some changes.

        run: echo "Running PR only CI"
```

### Note on `github.repositoryUrl` property

The `git://` protocol is disabled for security reasons. You will not be able to use the value of `github.repositoryUrl` to perform any git operations. Instead, you can use `${{ github.serverUrl }}${{ github.repository }}` to give you the HTTP URL for the current repository.

> 

Reviewer: Thanks for the clear note. In this case, I think that users will find the information more easily if we put the information directly in the table, as suggested above.
